It shouldn't be primarily
about pro bono.
Look. I'm at Alicia's door.
I'll ask her.
Alicia Florrick?
This is 603. She's in 903.
Three floors up.
Oh.
Sorry.
Dui.
Wrong floor. Up. Three flights.
903.
You want 903.
This is 603. See? 603.
Six. That's three numbers
less than nine.
Oh. hello.
Do you work for Mrs. Florrick?
No. Although sometimes
i feel like it.
This is not her law firm.
This is my home.
See how pretty it is?
They rearranged the panel
on the elevator so the six
is below the nine.
Could you please tell your
client friends to learn to read?
Are you
here to see
Alicia
Florrick?
Yep.
A music case.
Is this her door?
Yep.
Oh. good. It's you.
Dear god. what is up
with that bitch downstairs?
Rowby.
Hey! I know. right?
It's been centuries. huh?
Look at you. working from home.
You're like an artist now.
You look great.
I totally agree.
I guess that's what happens
when you start working
for yourself.
I got a kid now.
Little Josh.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
And. uh...
I could use some legal help.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mmm. Good song. rowby.
Thanks. It's my kid's
birthday par...
Oh. that's him.
Little Josh.
He's a total clown.
He likes to imitate everyone.
You're good. rowby.
I am good.
So what's the problem?
Oh. Um...
I got this letter
from g.F.C records.
That's your label?
Yeah. Well. my
former label. yeah.
They say the song's theirs?
Yeah.
That's the part I don't get.
I wrote it.
I mean. I wrote that song.
Ever since the whole
"thicky trick" thing.
I keep track of stuff.
Are you still under contract
with them?
No. I finished that contract.
like. last year.
So I don't understand.
Have you recorded this song?
No. I just
play it
at kids' birthday parties.
but that video is online
and it's gone viral.
S-small viral. but viral.
I'll be right back.
Mrs. dosek.
Mrs. Florrick.
I don't mean to be rude.
but this is a residential
building. and you're conducting
business here.
Yes. I'll put a sign up
in the elevator.
Mrs. dosek.
Okay. that's not
gonna make
a difference. Here.
Your daughter's report card.
It's open.
Yes.
I thought it was addressed to
me. She got two bs and three cs.
Hey. It's weird.
I went to the wrong floor.
I think it's
the way they changed
the numbers
in the elevator.
I'll make it all good.
Mrs. dosek.
Thank you. Good-bye. Cary?
So. am I late?
Um...
For?
For rowby.
His new song.
How did you know?
He came by
lockhart/agos.
I suggested it might be more
up your alley.
but he wanted both of us.
Cary. it's a kids' song.
Yeah.
with over a million views
on YouTube
and with other labels
wanting to buy it.
Oh.
Sorry I'm late.
I just came
from a nasty encounter.
so I might have some wine.
That sounds good.
Uh. what encounter?
Oh. just
some woman
yelled at me.
So how's the job search going?
It's good. actually. In
fact. I wanted to thank you
for offering to advise.
but I got a job.
Really? Fantastic.
Where?
Uh. oddly. at the firm
i was complaining about.
Lockhart/agos/lee.
Huh.
I just left there a month ago.
Why'd you leave?
Oh. the next
shiny thing.
Alicia Florrick.
Now I'm not sure.
That's where
i just got yelled at.
Really?
She said that?
Yes.
So she might come back?
She didn't say that.
She just said
she wasn't thrilled
to be going to
a law firm
in someone's apartment.
You have to
apologize.
For what?
For arguing a pro-life position.
I wasn't arguing
a pro-life position.
Diane. no one can understand
what you were doing.
If saying "I'm sorry"
gets us back in the door
of a $4-million-a-year client.
why wouldn't you?
Because I'm not sorry.
Do you want me to step out?
No. Will she meet with us?
Yes.
I don't know. I
was speaking highly
of you.
How diverse you are here.
We should bring the cripple
to the next meeting.
Oh. my god.
What?
The lawyer
in the wheelchair.
I know what
you're saying.
Will you call her?
It's not really my account.
Get her back in the door.
and we'll talk.
Well. look who's here
to survey the spoils.
Just seeing how you're doing.
Our polling was off.
I know.
Way off.
Was that you. too?
No.
I really thought
we were gonna
go on to New Hampshire.
I know.
Peter did. too.
But you didn't?
You had me tempted.
Your optimism was infectious.
Well...
You going on to Sanders?
No.
Congressional races.
They're more fun.
You staying?
Yeah. Peter's got to get
back into governing.
Well. I have some advice
for you. if you don't mind.
I'd never mind.
Peter's in trouble.
I don't know from where.
i don't know who.
But a governor who returns home
after a loss
has a target on his back.
Someone's gonna take a shot
at him.
Who?
I don't know.
Watch out for friends.
And on that sinister note.
good-bye. Eli.
Good-bye. Ruth.
I wish...
I had been better to you.
I wish you had been. too.
Who are you?
Uh. lucca Quinn.
I work with Alicia.
Doing what?
Lawyering.
Are you rowby?
Yeah.
I have to tell
you something.
I think I love you.
No. I'm not kidding.
Like. I'm serious.
Like. I... it's crazy.
Do you always
decide things this fast?
Uh... yeah.
Hey. can... can I play
some music for you?
'Cause I think that's
the only chance I got.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
We're about to start
negotiations.
Oh.
You want to sit down?
Oh! Yeah.
Um... seriously. though.
can I just say
that. like. I...
I never do this.
But you... are the most
beautiful human being
I have ever seen.
like. in my life.
Thank you.
It's crazy.
I think we have company.
Oh. hello.
We're back facing each other.
Andrea Stevens.
And you have
some beautiful name. don't you?
Lucca Quinn.
Lucca.
Yes.
And you've done something
different with your hair.
haven't you?
No.
Yes. Yes. in the
front. the bangs.
I love it.
Should I just give
you guys some space?
Rowby canton. always fun
to hear from the artist.
I'm just gonna set myself up
right over here. all right?
Okay.
Good morning. everyone.
Um. I just want to say
that my client. Damon.
has great respect
for your talent. rowby.
Is that why he cut me loose?
I cut you loose because...
I don't think we need
to go over the gory details.
We respect you. rowby.
and that's why
we sent you
a cease and
desist letter.
Your YouTube video
must come down.
and we ask that
you no longer record the song
"good morning magic sunshine"
until you acquire
our permission.
Our client appreciates
all your respect. Andrea.
um. but we respectfully reject
your cease and desist.
Our client is the sole owner
of the song he composed.
Unfortunately.
that isn't true.
As you can see
from this contract.
rowby owes us
another album.
But I signed a two-album deal.
and I gave you two albums.
I rejected the second one.
Damon.
One sec.
Mr. stryk wants our
artists to be happy.
so he'll offer.
uh... $1.500
for rowby to record
a studio version.
$1.500?
Seriously?
Seriously.
Oh. I would rather keep
playing birthday parties.
- And you know what?
- You're very good.
I have a daughter
of my own.
Adopted from China last year.
And she loves it.
But. again. it's our song.
And we have to
warn you. rowby.
that. um. we'll be pulling
your video off-line.
No. you won't.
You can't do that.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. actually.
i just did.
Can she do that?
If we assert
a copyright interest.
we can unilaterally
remove
infringing videos.
You can't assert
a copyright...
Thank you. bea.
for giving us a second chance.
I don't know if
that's what I'm doing.
But I am here to listen.
David Lee.
I hope you remember me.
I'm a real fan of yours.
I told Diane
and David
that you might be having
some difficulty
with the lack of infrastructure
at florrick/quinn.
Yes.
But I'm not sure if
I'm ready to come back here.
Well. we would love
to tell you...
- "How"?
- Yes. why don't you come
into Diane's office.
and we can talk?
Yes. good idea.
I have a call to make first.
- In the office!
- Just... just right here.
...happy with that.
What's wrong?
What are they doing here?
G.F.C records?
No. Alicia and her partner.
I told you.
We're on this case together.
Are you trying
to sabotage us?
Not in our
conference room. Cary.
We have bea Wilson here.
She's thinking
of leaving them.
I didn't know that.
Well. get them out of here.
- All right. all right!
- Excuse me.
Thank you for your attention.
everyone. Damon?
Look. we really wanted
to settle this here.
but you've given us no choice.
We are suing your client.
For what?
Breach of contract.
$3.1 million in damages.
Three point what?
Look at your contract. buddy.
What part of my contract?
It's their costs.
Costs? Oh. oh. it's
$3.1 million in costs?
Promotional.
touring...
They didn't promote my album.
...cd packaging and breakage.
Almost everything was online.
I mean. I don't...
I don't... I don't remember
negotiating any of this stuff.
You probably didn't.
It's all pretty boiler-plate.
It's designed to
maximize their profits.
keep their artists indebted.
Well. it's working.
Now what? I mean. i-i can't
afford $3.1 million.
It's ridiculous.
Can you guys represent me?
Well. we would have to talk
about our fee.
Well. what if... what if
i just paid you back
with a percentage of the song?
If you get it back.
"If"?
It's not about us.
It's about work.
I'm working as the chief
of staff for Peter now--
again-- and I wanted
to talk to you about the future.
Potential
political problems.
Not just...
Oh. Hi. Mrs. dosek.
How are you?
Fine. Can you give this
to your mother?
Oh. Uh. yes.
What is it?
It's from
the homeowners' association.
It's an eviction notice.
Excuse me?
Your mother is
running a business
out of her home.
No. she isn't.
You know. just tell...
You tell them
that I'll see 'em in court.
Excuse me.
That's just a friend
of the family.
Your mother has
one week
to respond before we commence
eviction proceedings.
I like this office.
Why are you leaving it?
Come on. I need the chair.
No. I think you
should stay here.
It keeps you humble.
Come on. I don't
have time to play.
Wow. you're sour.
See? It's so impersonal in here.
If you want the small
office. you can take it.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Really? I should take
the small office?
I can have the job?
What job?
The job you're offering me.
I am not offering you a job.
There is no job.
Can you see I'm busy?
Dad. I need a job.
I need to finance my art.
What art?
The art of living.
Come on.
- I can't help you.
- Ask someone else.
Ask Alicia.
Yeah. Alicia.
She probably needs someone.
Her firm just took on
a lot of clients.
Huh.
It's not a bad idea.
Odd.
You know. you're
not as fun
as you used to be. dad--
something's off with you.
It's called fatherhood.
The fact of the matter is
that rowby canton isn't
a freedom fighter.
He's a man under contract
who wishes he weren't.
But Mr. canton says
he delivered you
a second album-- didn't he?
Yes. but what
he delivered
was... unacceptable.
Can I say something?
Because that is r...
- Really offensive.
- No.
Unfortunately not. Mr. canton.
Point of personal privilege.
Yes. I'm guessing that you saw
that in a movie. sir.
That doesn't work here.
Please continue.
Thank you.
your honor.
Mr. stryk.
There were no
crowd-pleasers.
there were no hooks.
there was nothing
i could even repackage
to any other artist.
I already reposted it.
How did you do that?
I thought they
had it excluded.
Mirror-reversed it.
The classic way to get around
their detection software.
How long before you think
they figure it out?
I have produced
over 200 of them.
And what Mr. canton handed me
was... not a hit.
Your honor. I know it's
hard for artists like rowby.
who tend to work from an
emotional place. to understand
all the ins and outs...
Objection. your honor.
Counsel is testifying.
No. I'm just trying
to be compassionate. but...
I'll hold my tongue.
: I seem to have touched
on a sensitive area.
Mr. stryk...
You keep talking
about hit records.
but rowby wasn't
contractually obligated
to deliver a hit album.
That's true.
He was obligated
to deliver an album
that was
"substantially similar
in quality and genre
to artist's initial album."
Is that true. too?
It is.
No further questions.
your honor.
Ms. Stevens. anything?
Yes.
Thank you. your honor.
Was Mr. canton's
second album
"substantially similar in
quality and genre" to his first?
No. it was not.
Why not?
Because his first album
wasn't substantially bad.
Objection.
Prejudicial.
Objection!
Sustained.
Yeah. Sustained.
Mr. canton. I'm extending
you a little rope
because I find you entertaining.
Don't push it.
I'm sorry. your honor.
Andrea.
the video's back up.
Wow. you have a bitch
of a neighbor downstairs.
Yeah. I know.
She's not happy with us.
May I help you?
Marissa.
Remember? Eli's funny daughter.
I'm here to see your mom.
Oh. she'll be back from court
in. like. a minute.
Can I wait?
Oh. and the bitch gave me this.
She's trying to evict us.
Homeowners' association?
Yeah.
We're not supposed
to have a home office.
Does anybody have
a home office?
In the building?
Yeah. I think so. Why?
You should check.
All these homeowners'
association people think
they're above the law.
Usually they're just as corrupt.
How do I check?
Sit down in the lobby.
Wait for a ups man
or a fedex man to come.
then follow him up to the floor.
Whoever gets the most packages.
they have the home offices.
I know. It's my dad's genes.
Very sneaky.
Hey. mom.
we're in here.
Marissa. hi.
Hi.
I'm back in your life again.
So where were you?
Were you back in Israel?
No. San Francisco.
No reason.
Someone bet me.
I need a job.
Okay.
And I wanted to give you
first shot at hiring me.
Thank you. uh.
but I don't need anyone now.
Dad said you were taking
on all these new clients.
Ah.
Eli told you that?
Yeah.
He said you might need someone.
No. I'm good.
Okay. Will you keep me
in mind if things change?
Sure. but I don't
think they will.
Okay.
Is everything all right?
Yes. I just don't...
Tell Eli to stop it.
Stop what?
Marissa.
visit me because you want to.
not because your dad
wants you to.
I did because I wanted to.
Well. I have
to get back to court.
Good seeing you again. Marissa.
Same here.
Morris weiner.
phd. I hold the
pederson chair
of musicology at ridgeton.
Doctor. what is pop music?
A genre of popular music
based in rock and roll
of the '50s and '60s.
And how would you recognize
a pop song?
Through its hooks.
Pop songs are all
full of hooks.
There's one in the intro.
another in the chorus.
there's another in the bridge.
And what do you mean by "hook"?
It's a short. catchy.
repeated riff.
It's an earworm.
And that's all
there is to it? The hooks?
No. uh. pop songs also tend
to be nonharmonic
with pronounced
timbral dissonance.
Four-bar phrasing. a
beat-per-minute range
between 72 and 85.
So you're saying
that rowby canton's
new album didn't have
most of these hallmarks?
I'm saying it had none of them.
Listen.
Yes. yes. you're right.
It's-it's not as catchy. is it?
I keep trying
to tap my foot. but...
This was not
substantially similar
to his first album.
Thank you. No further questions.
"Bohemian rhapsody."
The song by queen.
You're familiar with it?
Of course.
And you call that good?
Right? A pop hit?
Well...
I would.
Well. yeah.
it-it is.
It's a pop hit.
Could you point out
where the hooks are?
Well. you know.
not all pop songs are identical.
Oh. Well. can I read back
your testimony
from a few minutes ago?
"Pop songs are
all full of hooks."
Oh. lucca. I love you.
Would you like to correct
your testimony. sir?
Not all pop songs are identical.
Most are identical.
Yeah...
Uh. sorry.
I-i don't think
we caught that.
Right into your
microphone there.
Yes. not all pop songs.
And could you tell us where
the four-bar phrases are
and the chorus
and the verse?
Well. that's
difficult to distinguish.
And the 72 to 85
beats-per-minute range--
where's that?
Yeah. but again.
"bohemian rhapsody"
is an unusual case.
As is rowby's song. Thank you.
Mm. That last little bit
wasn't really a question.
was it?
Yeah. let me see
if I can confine
my redirect
to questions.
Mr. canton's contract said
"substantially similar
in quality and genre."
What genre was his first album?
As I've said. it was pop.
And...
What is... this?
It-it's not pop.
Thank you.
And I love
"bohemian rhapsody." too.
Kermit corriel.
I taught music at Juilliard.
You also have a doctorate
in musicology from Juilliard?
Well. yeah. but who goes around
advertising that?
This guy is awesome.
Would you agree
that rowby's second album
is not in the same pop genre
as his first album?
I don't think I'd agree
with any part of that.
His first album wasn't
exactly 100% pop.
And I don't think his second
album's all that different.
Can you explain?
Well. yeah. I mean.
genres aren't fixed. right?
They ebb and flow over time.
And then there's this give
and take between genres.
Like. rowby's first album
was pop.
but it also had country
and folk tendencies. too.
And his second album?
Well. that pushes
deeper into country.
You can hear that
in the intro.
And then it pushes
further into folk
with the verse.
and then in the chorus.
I mean. look. it's pretty clear
that it's indie pop.
So. is this the same or
different than "thicky trick"?
I don't know...
It-it-it's both. man.
Rowby's an artist.
He's exploring.
Both those songs are written
by the same person.
but they're not identical.
And no album
should be identical.
Like Picasso. right?
You see him going through
his blue period or
his crystal period.
- Thank you.
- Okay. this is all fascinating.
but there's nothing
that I've heard
that convinces me
that there's anything close
to objective truth here.
so I have to defer
to the good faith efforts
made by Mr. canton
to fulfill his contract.
Yes. your honor. you...
Are awesome. thank you.
Your honor. uh.
we seek lead to argue
that the song
was written
during the term of his contract.
What?
You do?
Then why did we go through
this exercise?
I'm so sorry.
your honor.
but this was just brought
to our attention.
This is another video
that Mr. canton
posted online.
Very nice.
What am I looking for?
The time code stamp.
Chummyvideo stamps
the posting time of all videos.
See. this video
was posted at 11:42 P.M.
On November 30.
Rowby canton's contract
didn't expire
until midnight
on that date. your honor.
Therefore. he wrote the song
while still under contract.
What's going on
with you and Alicia?
Nothing.
Can we not do this now?
No. we're doing this now. dad.
You got mom pregnant.
so we're doing this now.
What did Alicia say?
She said.
"tell Eli
to stop it."
Stop what?
That's what I asked.
She didn't say.
She made it sound like
she didn't have to say.
Alicia and I are
having some... issues.
Are you sleeping with her?
Oh. my god. no!
No.
Are you
wanting to?
What? No.
It's nothing like that.
Then what is it?
Uh...
Six years ago.
Alicia got a voice mail
from... a friend.
someone who was
in love with her.
Will?
Yes. How do you know that?
I have eyes.
And he said that he loved her.
and I was worried about Alicia
getting this voice mail
in the middle
of a campaign. so...
I erased it.
And I felt bad about it.
and so I told her.
When?
A week ago.
And that's it.
So he called her and said.
"i love you." and you erased it?
And now will's gone.
and it's something
she can never make right.
Yes.
I'm not proud of it.
That's why I told her.
God. it's like a soap opera here
when I'm gone.
And now she's gonna
think I'm trying to get back
into her good graces
by sending you over there.
She won't
talk to you?
No.
You think that'll change?
Have you tried...
Yes. yes.
Everything.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
I have to think about it.
Just-just don't
do anything. okay?
This is my thing.
All right. Bye.
You're gonna do something.
aren't you? Marissa.
Andrea Stevens
has subpoenaed
your computer
and your phone.
so we need to know:
Did you write
"good morning magic sunshine"
while you were
under contract for g.F.C?
No.
Chummyvideo time-stamps
every posting. and we've
confirmed you posted the song
at 11:42 P.M. on the 30th.
which means the contract
was still valid.
Wait.
Where is chummyvideo centered?
What do you mean?
Well. it's California.
right?
It's a California company.
That's right.
Lucca. that's-that's
totally right!
Are you saying the time zone
made a difference?
Yes. I posted the video
at 11:42 P.M.
Pacific time. which means...
1:42 A.M. Chicago time.
Yeah. which means
the contract's expired.
Yeah. but you wrote the song
in that short of a time?
Yes. that's how
all of my songs come.
Trust me when I say
I know when
the damn contract ended.
And the minute the clock
struck midnight. I celebrated.
I had people over to my house.
Unfortunately. I woke up my son.
and I tried to get him
to go back to sleep.
and when it didn't work. I wrote
"good morning magic sunshine."
You improvised it on video?
Yeah. it's pretty
cool. right?
I keep telling
you guys. it's just
a song I wrote for my kid.
I would really like
to buy you a drink.
Why?
Because you are awesome.
How long have you
been married. rowby?
I've never been married.
I wrote you a song.
So who was holding
the camera?
What camera?
When you were playing
for your son?
You were playing the guitar.
your son was in bed.
and someone was
holding the camera.
Who was that?
We're divorced.
She wanted
a two-car garage.
and... I couldn't
give it to her.
True story.
You're like a bond girl.
I like artists.
but I lose interest
in them real quick.
You want to go home?
Sure. I have a babysitter.
Is your home an artist's hovel?
Yes. but tomorrow's
cleaning day.
My apartment.
Just for an hour.
Then you'll go home.
I promise.
It was just. like... boom!
It wasn't there. and then all
of a sudden. it was there.
It was. uh. like. this-this.
um. like. creative orgasm.
Like a burst
of creativity.
Yes. like a... yes.
And I just.
i sat there.
and I just
watched the clock
until my contract
expired.
and then I was like. bang. bang.
bang. bang. bang. bang.
And I wrote. like. eight songs.
one after another. like. boom.
And is that common
to be able to generate
a good. quality song in such
a short amount of time?
The song "yesterday." McCartney
woke up with that in his head.
Thank you.
Mr. canton.
do you mind if I ask.
how long did it
take you to write
the eight songs
for your second album?
- I don't know. Years?
- Two years. actually.
So it took two years
for eight songs.
and then. let's see.
two hours for the next eight?
I was just under
a lot of pressure
to write the first eight songs.
My goodness. that must be
quite a bit of pressure for you.
Objection. your honor.
I withdraw that.
It's not a big point.
So can you help
me understand
this note you left on your
subpoenaed smartphone?
It's a Lyric from
"good morning magic sunshine."
It says.
"make me warm and toasty
while I lay here warm and cozy."
and it's dated 23 days before
the end of your record contract.
Uh. I wrote that down.
but that's not a Lyric.
I'm pretty sure it is.
No. it ended
up as a Lyric.
It's just. it's something
that my son said.
Like. he said something
totally cute and awesome.
and I wrote it down.
Which. according to the terms
of your deal with g.F.C records.
constitutes work product
created within the term
of your contract.
You're claiming that you own
the copyright to that line?
Absolutely.
Uh. that's absurd
on its face.
They don't own
everything his kid says
just because he wrote it down.
I didn't say "everything."
Well. that's...
Are you seriously...?
I mean. his son...
His son...
His son. your honor.
his son. Josh's quote
was not work product.
Your honor. it was inspiration.
"Inspiration"
isn't a legal term.
It's an artistic conceit.
Because rowby is an artist.
An artist under contract.
But rowby's contract does not
negate the creative process.
He wrote something down
that was meaningful to him.
not knowing it would
make its way into a song.
But it did. quite directly.
Josh's quote was the first step
in a songwriting process
that Mr. canton began while
still under a deal with g.F.C.
Think about
what she's saying. your honor.
A.A. Milne based
Christopher Robin on his son.
but that doesn't mean he started
writing winnie-the-pooh
the day he became a father.
Bob Dylan didn't start writing
"tangled up in blue"
on the day of his marriage even
though that's what it's about.
Those were general inspirations;
This is a specific line.
No. it became a specific line.
Moreover. the existence
of this note undercuts
Mr. canton's claim that he wrote
"good morning magic sunshine"
in less than a day.
The act of observing the world
is not the same as composing.
Enough. please.
Um. your cynicism is.
I'm sure. warranted.
given your business.
miss Stevens.
but i-i must agree
with the defendant here.
Observing the world is not
the same as composing.
I don't think any of us want to
slide down that slippery slope.
Case dismissed.
Did we... did
we just win?
You won.
We won?! Yes.
We did it.
And I'm constantly
signing for her packages.
and not for her personally;
For her business.
I-I'm sorry.
but I understood
that Mrs. Florrick would be
present for today's meeting.
Uh. Mrs. Florrick is otherwise
disposed at the moment.
but as an employee
of florrick/quinn.
I can answer
any questions you might have.
Aren't you her daughter?
- Yes. I'm also an employee.
- Oh. so you admit
that she is running a business
from her apartment.
Yes.
Well. that's against
hoa regulations.
Is it?
Yes. it is. Now...
Well. then why isn't
Mr. tipton being questioned?
- I don't follow.
- Mr. Graham tipton.
He runs a business out of his
apartment on the sixth floor.
Why isn't he...?
I do not.
Well. you're a day
trader. aren't you?
You work out of your apartment?
I work from home.
That's different than running
a business out of my apartment.
But your loan-out company.
Graham is awesome. inc..
lists this building
as its address.
and your business
receives its mail here.
Are you always available
to sign for it?
No. but...
Okay. look. we are not
on trial here.
The regulations also
prohibit subletting.
but Mrs. dosek rents
a spare bedroom
in her apartment
to her mother-in-law.
Well. that's my mother-in-law.
There's an exemption for family.
Actually. there isn't.
Then there's Mr. loring
on the eighth floor.
who frequently hosts
high-priced call girls.
Okay. okay. maybe
we should just
table this discussion
for the moment.
I think
that'd be good.
My mother's a great lawyer.
She usually stands up
well for herself.
Oh. no.
I'm singing
my heart out.
How can you answer a text?
You're being sued.
Again?
The label is suing you
for copyright infringement.
Of what?
Another kids' song
they own.
"Moony moonikins."
$2.8 million in damages.
My god.
The law just gives so many
people ways to be mean.
You gonna protect me?
Doing my best.
So let's talk about "moony
moonikins." You've heard it?
Oh. yeah. of course.
You've even played it
in your children's sets.
I usually open my sets with it.
It's. like. every kid's
favorite song.
Yeah. my adopted daughter
from China. she just adores it.
Uh. tell me. how did this work?
Did you just decide
to change it a bit
and then put your name on it.
or...?
No. look. if there's
any similarities
between the two songs. it's
'cause they're both kids songs.
You know. when you're
working with kids
with a shorter attention span.
and there's no sex. drugs.
and rock and roll.
you're somewhat
narrowing your sandbox.
Yet other people have
managed to do that
and not plagiarize. so...
- Objection.
- Sustained.
Think I made my point.
your honor.
- Your witness.
- Rowby.
can you show us how you composed
"good morning magic sunshine"?
Objection. your honor.
No. I'd like to see this.
Uh. so this is
superscribe.
I play notes on the keyboard.
and then they just populate
into sheet music in real time.
Uh. could you please. uh.
play a little
of "good morning
magic sunshine"?
Sure.
Acoustics are actually
pretty good in here.
You guys should
rent it out for gigs.
Thank you.
Now can you play
"moony moonikins"?
Yeah.
It's catchy. right?
Does no one have kids?
Guilty. Adopted
daughter from China.
Could you please superimpose
the two songs you just played?
If they're similar.
they should overlap.
As you can see. your honor.
these two songs are
nothing alike.
Objection. your honor.
he just left out
the performance elements--
the kazoo.
the squeaky toy. the xylophone.
the shakers. the clapping...
Because none of that is
legally copyrightable.
With music.
what you can copyright
is the actual sound recording
or the composition.
Any similarities here
are the kind that are
not legally protected.
What do you say to that.
Ms. Stevens?
Take this four-note run
from "magic sunshine."
And this four-note run
from "moony."
Now look.
They're virtually identical.
So you see major similarities.
Micro-segments
are exactly the same.
Thank you.
If you looked
at micro-segments
in a lot of children's songs.
wouldn't there be
many major similarities?
No.
For example.
isn't the theme
from spongebob squarepants
similar to the sea chantey
"blow the man down"?
I-I'm not familiar
with the theme song
you're talking about.
What about the opening
percussion riffs
in the supremes' version
of "you can't hurry love"
and iggy pop's "lust for life"?
Aren't they identical?
You know. I...
I'm not prepared to say that.
Well. what about the chorus riff
in Boston's
"more than a feeling"
and "Louie Louie"
by the kingsmen?
Objection. your honor.
This is not name that tune.
This is getting
a bit ridiculous.
And that's our point.
When you break a song down
into small enough components.
you'll always find similarities.
Don't break them down. then.
your honor.
Just listen to them together.
Okay. okay. I've heard enough.
I will take this
under advisement.
We'll reconvene for my
decision this afternoon.
I found myself
wrong about this firm.
so I gave it a second chance.
She gave me a second chance.
You say bea Wilson is returning?
Yes.
Uh. she's thinking of returning.
She wasn't thrilled
with having
a law firm that works
out of an apartment building.
My god.
There's this
horrible woman there.
Yes.
Alicia can be quite trying.
I don't think she means...
Let me just close this.
You know this could
go either way. right?
Let's settle.
What have you got?
We can't break our contracts.
It would set a bad precedent.
but we could give rowby
a few points.
A few? Seriously?
Where's rowby?
Maybe he should hear this.
We're late.
It's okay.
They can't start without us.
Ms. dunne?
How are you?
Good. Just going.
I see that.
You're dropping by
the office tomorrow. right?
Right.
You okay?
That's one of our new clients.
So?
What's she doing here?
They're stealing our clients.
You should've seen her.
She looked so guilty.
Yes. Alicia Florrick
for Lila dunne. please.
I see.
When will she
be back in?
They screwed us.
Thank you.
Who else could they be
going after?
We haven't seen bea Wilson
in a while.
She was supposed
to call yesterday.
That would be bad.
And Cary.
Cary's been screwing us
the whole time.
Alicia Florrick.
Okay. We're on our way.
Judge page.
she's made a decision.
You go.
I'm gonna stay here
and call our clients.
Hey. what's up?
Hey. man.
Andrea has another offer.
Go to hell.
Excuse me?
All rise.
She likes it. She likes me.
Okay. this is what I know.
"Good morning. magic sunshine"
is a good song.
And I don't even have kids.
But when you start
to chop it up.
deconstruct it.
you stop hearing it.
And that's not how you're
supposed to listen to music.
When I'm just experiencing
these songs
and not analyzing them.
they sound the same.
They simply have
too much in common
for this to be a coincidence.
So...
Based on the evidence presented.
I concluded. Mr. canton.
you stole that song.
Summary judgment
for the plaintiff.
But. bea. just give us a chance.
The advantage to working
with a small firm is dedication.
We don't split our duties.
Okay.
I'll await your call.
Can I help. mom?
Make any calls?
No. I'm good.
No. seriously.
I'm done with all my homework.
Okay. then we should talk.
Uh-oh.
Is it one of those talks?
Yes.
I'm afraid it is.
You know how much
i love you. right?
And how much I appreciate
everything you're
doing here.
for the firm. for me.
Mom. if it's about my grades.
i can bring them up.
I promise you.
You need to stop
working at florrick/quinn.
You're firing me?
Yes. I am.
But that's not fair.
I've been doing
such a good job.
Yes. you have.
You have been doing
an amazing job.
Too amazing. in fact.
So you're firing me
for doing too good a job?
That has to be illegal.
Grace.
you need to start focusing
on your future. not mine.
Mom. you need me.
Yes. as a daughter.
I so. so do.
But as a mother--
as your mother--
I need to be taking care of you.
not the reverse.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
I understand.
You want me to butt
out of your life.
No.
My business.
Mom. you can't fire me
and hug me at the same time.
Oh. yes. I can.
Are you sad?
Well. kind of.
I don't like losing.
Yeah. me neither.
That's wonderful.
Thanks.
Sell it.
To who?
To anyone.
Yeah?
Change the name. though.
Whoa. where you going?
Back to real life.
What was this?
So. you screwed us.
You mean did we try to poach
the clients you poached from us?
Did you?
Yes.
Great. Congratulations.
They said no.
We can't get ahold
of our clients.
Yeah. because they're
saying no to you. too.
What does that mean?
They want you as lawyers.
but they want
our infrastructure.
And if they can't have both.
they're gonna keep looking.
How do you know that?
They said it.
So why are you here?
Come back to lockhart/agos.
No.
Why not?
You fired me.
And I've never worked there.
We want you back.
And we want you
to come with her.
Diane does?
Well. she understands
the situation.
Thank you.
but I'm not interested.
If you change your mind...
I won't. Thank you.
Bye.
Shall we at least discuss this?
Okay.
We're working
out of your apartment.
We still have 70% duis.
We're barely making ends meet.
And we may have just lost
our top four clients.
And we don't have
to answer to anyone.
Because no one else wants us.
Do you want to go
and work for a big firm?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Well. I can't.
So what do we do?
Oh. dear god.
You have to forgive my dad.
Marissa.
I'm not here for him.
I'm here for me.
Hi.
Hi. I'll leave you to it.
Did I interrupt something?
Yes.
My dad cares about you. Alicia.
He only confessed
to you what he did
because he was
torn up about it.
He never had to confess.
You wouldn't have known.
No one would've known.
But he cares about you.
And my dad doesn't care
about many people.
Yes. he did wrong.
but let him apologize.
Let him...
What?
You're looking at me like
you want to tell me something.
Get lost? Go to hell?
No.
Then what?
I hurt.
I'm sorry.
It hurt me.
He knows that.
Then he can't expect
anything more of me.
It would be unfair for him
to expect anything more.
Then let me say something.
Something very small.
Call him up and say.
"you're forgiven.
"I need some time
to not deal with you.
but you're forgiven."
I can't.
Please?
Marissa. I...
No.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-